DOCS 646: improve extend viam (#1029)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/configuration.md

The robot checks for new configurations every 15 seconds and changes its configuration automatically when a new configuration is available.
All communication happens securely over HTTPS using secret tokens that are in a robot's configuration.

> {{< alert title="Tip" color="tip" >}}

Reviewer: why are you removing this? I've just added it

Author: @npentrel Oh sorry, I think I got this confused while rebasing-- will add back in

{{< alert title="Tip" color="tip" >}}
You can also store your config file in another location.

> To use such a config file, pass in the path to the config when you start `viam-server`:

Author: ```suggestion
To start `viam-server` with a config file in a different location, run the following command:
```

![The fragments subtab](../img/fragments-tab.png)

> The components and services included in the fragment appear inside a read-only fragment section in the **Components** and **Services** sub-tab.

Reviewer: ditto - this is correct as is

Author: Ditto as above, my bad w/ rebase

## Local Setup

If you need to configure a robot that will never connect to the internet, you can manually create a local config file on your robot.

> Rather than following the steps on the Viam app **setup** tab to put config fetching credentials in that file, you'll need to paste the full raw JSON config for your robot into your robot's <file>/etc/viam.json</file> file.

Reviewer: I think you can add this sentence below after the existing `If you are configuring a robot that can never connect to the internet, you can manually create a local full raw JSON config file on your robot.`

Author: Done, but I'm unsure if I added this correctly-- lmk if there is an issue here @npentrel

- [Vision Service](/services/vision/)

A locally configured robot, will not be able to access Viam's cloud features.

> If you need to configure a robot that will never connect to the internet, you can manually create a local config file on your robot.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are configuring a robot that can never connect to the internet, you can manually create a local full raw JSON config file on your robot.
```
